During normal operation, check the governor for any abnormal noise.
Make sure that the elevator cannot move and perform a visual check on all parts of the governor.
Check that the seals are present and not broken.
Engage the governor with a screwdriver and open the cover.
Measure the height of the brake lining in engaged position It must be 21mm or more Check the movability of the movable parts.
Report if any part is not free to move.
Check wire rope strands for broken wire and rust bleeding If necessary, replace the governor rope.
Reset the governor as shown in the video.
Activate the safety switch and check the correct function.
Clean dust and dirt off the overspeed governor.
close the overspeed governor cover and lock it.
Check the governor cover does not touch the pulley If there is any noise from the cover during operation, adjust the cover until not touching.
If applicable, check the Tacho Belt tension It must not be too tight or too loose.
The Tacho Belt tension gauge should just firmly fit in.
Check the Tacho Belt cable is in good condition and not damaged.